
 
 How to Play:
 O. Uncomment menu() at the bottom of the file to begin playing 
 1. Always use CAPITAL LETTERS when asked for input 
 2. When deciding where to put your game pieece make sure to have it formatted CAPITAL LETTER + Number (ex: A1 NOT a1 or 1A). If you mess up it will prompt you to try again. 
 The goal is to win 3 rounds of tic tac toe; as you progress through the game you will be able to view how many games X and O have won as well as how many rounds it took for you to win! 


This is a functional game of tic tac toe in three seperate modes:
0. Person v Person 
1. Person v AI 
2. AI v AI (This is an easter egg! When asked to select A or B at the start of the game, type in 42!)

While it would have been easier to have a board labeled like the design below, I thought it would be hard for the user to decide where they wanted to place their next move since it is difficult to gain a holistic view of where the free (blank) spaces are. So, I implemeneted an alphanumeric board (kind of akin to a chess board) to provide an optimized experience for the user. It was a little difficult to implement until I remembered dictionaries existed! I needed to write more helper functions to "convert" my alphanumeric stirngs into integers, but all in all it wasn't too bad. 


1 | 2 | 3
----------
4 | 5 | 6
----------
7 | 8 | 9
----------

Between my milestone and final iteratoin, I made an AI that was "too smart"; it only won or tied games. So, I stuck with an AI that won/blocked when it could and made a random move otherwsie. At first I made the AI put its first piece in the middle of the board if free, but this also made it "too smart" when playing against each other/ if the computer got the first move. I wanted to make sure that regardless of the gameplay option selected the algorithms weren't too biased in selecting a winner. So, I stuck with the AI that was just the right amount of dumb. 

If I had more time I would try to make a 3 by 3 board; I think I have most of the base methods complete, and it would be more debugging than actual code writing. I also wanted to be able to save the outputs of each game to a text file so that users could have a "receipt" of their game. I tried to do this, but there were a lot of bugs. 

Notes:
 * MAKE SURE TO HAVE TERMCOLOR (TO INSTALLL TYPE PIP INSTALL TERMCOLOR IN TERMINAL)
 ** I rec the "Solarized Light" color palette on VS Code for the most aesthetic gameplay experience 

